Add changelog entries for recently added features. (#6132)
apple/swift-package-manager: CHANGELOG.md

  In packages that specify resources using a future tools version, the generated resource bundle accessor will import `Foundation.Bundle` for its own implementation only. _Clients_ of such packages therefore no longer silently import `Foundation`, preventing inadvertent use of Foundation extensions to standard library APIs, which helps to avoid unexpected code size increases.

* [#6067]

>   Basic support for a new `.embed` resource rule which will allow embedding the contents of the resource into the executable code by generating a byte array, e.g.

Reviewer: wording nit
```suggestion
  Basic support for a new `.embed` resource rule which allows embedding the contents of the resource into the executable code by generating a byte array, e.g.
```
